# self-introduction

Video: [link](https://youtu.be/c3OKgcNtoeI)

Hi there! My name is Dinmuhamed. Shortly Dimash. I'm from Kazakhstan. I completed my bachelor's degree in 2017 with  construction speciality. In 2019, I enrolled for a master's degree in construction management in North Cyprus and got a job there. But I didn't want to continue because my studies were transferred to an online format, and I had to stop work because of Covid 19. I began to be interested in the IT sphere after that.

I used to always be curious about how it all works. But in computer science school, we only passed a strange Pascal. Do you remember that? And this topic slowly began to open up only in my student years, but still with little content on the Internet. Slowly, I began to find out what kind professions should I choose. There were a lot of them. Following the advice of many bloggers, I decided to try Frontend Development. For a beginner, the Backend was difficult for me and I didn't want to be a designer. And I still don't know what Devops engineer does. I studied HTML and CSS on my own, looked at what JS is. And in December 2022, I started studying at RS School and also Started pool at Alem it School in Astana. There I successfully swam the pool, met cool guys with the same fire in eyes as me. they taught me a lot and I shared in return with what I know. But there it was necessary to pass the Go programming language for half a year, and then only after the next JS pool. I didn't want to mix Frontend and Backend and decided to continue my studies only at RS School. Now I have strong  knowledge in HTML, CSS and JS. I learned how to use Figma, Git, Github, Webpack. I learned how to solve algorithmic tasks in Codewars. I wrote a couple of SPA and the first Minesweeper game. All my works are publicly available on Github. The code in them is not the most beautiful, but I'm working on it. And I don't limit my knowledge to RS School only. I study Vue 3 on my own and prepare pet projects. I have gathered guys like me who also want to learn Frontend. And we meet together once a week. We discuss what we have learned in a week, tell our projects and solve algorithmic tasks together. We conduct and prepare for interviews. I love working in a team and I know the power of growth surrounded by purposeful people. In the future I would like to learn Node Js and become a Full developer, I wanna work and grow in a IT company with good people. Be a part of grandiose projects. And of course come up with something mine. I want to thank RS School for their help! I will definitely come back and become a mentor. I want to wish good luck to all newbies. We will succeed! My name is Dimash and this is my IT way. Thank you very much for your attention! And have a nice day!